# WeatherPy
In the WeatherPy file, I explored the effects that locations of cities had on the weather in the area. I created scatter plots to show the overall results of the cities that were generated around the world. However I also created plots for the northern hemisphere as well as the southern hemisphere to compare the differences. They contain regression lines to make it easier to see the patterns that the latitude had on different weather categories such as temperature, humidity, cloduiness and wind speed. Without a doubt the latitude of each city had an effect, however as seen in the plots, it does also depend on whether the city is located in the northern or southern hemisphere.

# VacationPy
In VacationPy, I made use of the csv file (cities.csv) that was created using the information from Weatherpy. I used this data to configure a map plot showing the location of each city on the map with some general information. Once this was done, I created a new dataframe with cities containing my preferred temperature (21.11 degrees Celsius - 26.66 degrees Celsius). Using this new data frame I was able to create another new data frame that was used to find hotels located within 10,000 metres of each city. From there I created a new map plot that showed the new cities with my preferred weather. This time however, the country that the city is located in and the name of the hotel closest to the city were both included in the information that is shown when hovering over each city's point on the map.
